docs: Add CLI docs for 0.16.1 and 0.17.0 (#1300)
keptn/keptn.github.io: content/docs/0.17.x/reference/cli/commands/keptn_update_project.md

Updating a shipyard file is not possible.

By executing the update project command, Keptn will add the provided upstream repository to the existing internal Git repository that is used to maintain all project-related resources. 

> To upstream this internal Git repository to a remote repository and the remote URL (*--git-remote-url*) are required
> together with private key (*--git-private-key*) or access token (*--git-token*). The Git user (--git-user) can be added if required. For using proxy please specify proxy IP address together with port (*--git-proxy-url*) and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must specify the remote URL (*--git-remote-url*)
and a private key (*--git-private-key*) or access token (*--git-token*)
in order to upstream this internal Git repository to a remote repository.
The Git user (--git-user) can be added if required. For using proxy please specify proxy IP address together with port (*--git-proxy-url*) and
```

> used scheme (*--git-proxy-scheme=*) to connect to proxy. Please be aware that authentication with public/private key and via proxy is 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scheme (*--git-proxy-scheme=*) that is used to connect to the proxy. Please be aware that authentication with public/private key and via proxy is 
```
